returned this new twenty-seventh
this episode briefing series
tiger we will make a faction on a server
Italian factions with my writings
with three critical months met let's say
on the ts of this server thanks to one of
I found this faction
the faction is defended with many territories
climati just that if we go to
press the command f.cio we notice kanno
19 clans and 3d power so they are more griffa
there and we can practically the tides
above the ground because they have more land
that power so I could use it very well
the command f claim to take the
territory of this faction even though
I wasn't forced guys chosen furrow
the easiest way because obviously
clone the ground after opening the baskets
really a crap but I have to
still make a tnt channel and destroy
the obsidian with 5 strokes because on this
server where I became youtuber as well
you pilot you can sign up for
destroy the obsidian with 5 strokes of
tnt guys i don't know this thing to me
instead much for those who follow me
they know that I love these servers where
obsidian can be broken, say 5
tnt shots in american style those
guys if you want to pass on this
server you pilot found in description
and precisely server factions where I play
lately so i'll know about the weather
free guys I could find myself on this
server and returning to live fat boys
this faction was full of pro armor
2 pro 34 there were also many apple swords
can neither of sugar that reality and
synthetic cocaine in this serious why
practically gives you speed 3 for 15
seconds one of sugar and congregations
this dinner also goes only to food spooner
that in this server with silk touch there is
30 percent chance that he pulled
well let's say a spoiler and precisely on
ten spooner mena troop t4 then the
40 percent and that means they are
was quite lucky and in the video
a week ago to guys from
series of riffs inc episode 26
we have reached about 220 like non
I'm really happy but I'm not even
so unhappy because the boys 220
like calculating all those pauses that
I'm done I'm hello in front
I hope this video also reaches
on the 250 likes even if we say between a
month this video most likely
will be on the 300 because these videos by
this series make many visualizations
practically with this series I do
really many subscribers and many many
new people who don't know me
watch the video emit like it then
no on this video I ask you 300 likes
even if we don't get there in this
week within a month according to me there
we should arrive without problems then
guys left a nice thumb up
to support this series I will leave the
channel of all three participants of
this video in description why
thanks to one of them found precisely
this faction without them I would not have
let's say this designer then
is now leaving the channels of
inscriptions I leave them if you want to give us
take a look if you want to sign up for one
part of subscribers asks me why
load very few videos of the series
griffin grech silvi invites go to
see the video a change all in the
which I explain how we say publish
videos and things intentions to do with
channel guys in that video explained
very important things
I will leave the link of the video in description
so if you want you can go and see it
I explained the whole sorry guys koch
if this video is not the best but
it really makes an absurd heat yet
difficult to sit and give a
fucking videos when they make more than 30
degree in the room I wanted to tell you guys
still one last thing before
speed up the video then practically
I today that Saturday is the last day of
which I could respond to comments and
last day of which you can see
online on this server because I
practically on paper tonight the video e
tomorrow I have to leave for the boys I'll be
offline from youtube from minecraft was
completely offline for some
week and therefore not wanting to answer
comments in doing nothing then this
week will not be today is the last
day that will be online that Saturday e
predictably probably this
series you will see the video now it's 250
epo and you will see this non- impediment video
at 7 the prices I hope the video will
like not see you at the end of
video or beautiful
well guys but I hope everything is there
you enjoyed it you remember
leave a nice thumb up for
support me show that you are there
boys
subscribe to the channel let me get to
5,000 subscribers and us guys there
we peck at the next beautiful video